documentation: Update form documentation with brand copy (#87)
ithaka/pharos: packages/pharos-site/static/guidelines/select.docs.mdx

  description="A select allows users to choose one option from a list in a form."
></PageSection>

<PageSection title="Usage">
  <p>

>     Select is a type of input that's used in forms to allow users to submit data from a list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Select inputs allow users to submit data from a list of
```

    }
    Dont={
      <ul>

>         <li>Don't use a select for navigational related needs, a dropdown menu will suffice</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <li>Don't use a select for navigational needs. A dropdown menu will suffice.</li>
```
